infra/resources/_modules/application_insights/README.md, before:

# Playground - Application Insights Module

This module is useful to create a configuration of Application Insights and save the connection string into a key vault.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 4.17.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_application_insights.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.ai_connection_string](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/log_analytics_workspace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_domain"></a> [domain](#input\_domain) | Domain name of the application | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#input\_key\_vault\_id) | The Id of the key vault where the AI connection String is going to be created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Usually is the concatenation of prefix and env\_short | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Resource group name for the Function App services | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Resource tags | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_connection_string"></a> [connection\_string](#output\_connection\_string) | The connection string to the Application Insights instance |
| <a name="output_connection_string_secret_id"></a> [connection\_string\_secret\_id](#output\_connection\_string\_secret\_id) | The id of the secret containing the connection string |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add log_analytics_workspace_id as application insights module output

infra/resources/_modules/application_insights/README.md, after:

# Playground - Application Insights Module

This module is useful to create a configuration of Application Insights and save the connection string into a key vault.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | 4.17.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_application_insights.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_key_vault_secret.ai_connection_string](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/key_vault_secret) | resource |
| [azurerm_log_analytics_workspace.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/log_analytics_workspace) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_domain"></a> [domain](#input\_domain) | Domain name of the application | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_key_vault_id"></a> [key\_vault\_id](#input\_key\_vault\_id) | The Id of the key vault where the AI connection String is going to be created | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project"></a> [project](#input\_project) | Usually is the concatenation of prefix and env\_short | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Resource group name for the Function App services | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Resource tags | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_connection_string"></a> [connection\_string](#output\_connection\_string) | The connection string to the Application Insights instance |
| <a name="output_connection_string_secret_id"></a> [connection\_string\_secret\_id](#output\_connection\_string\_secret\_id) | The id of the secret containing the connection string |
| <a name="output_log_analytics_workspace_id"></a> [log\_analytics\_workspace\_id](#output\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id) | The id of the Log Analytics Workspace |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
